SOMEDAY, I'LL BE
A GREAT DUELIST!
HM?
NERO, STOP IT!
HUH?
WE'RE LOOKING...
FOR THIS PERSON.
SEEN HIM?
WHO IS HE?
A DUELIST?
HE IS.
SORRY.
YOUR FRIEND IS...
PROBABLY GONE.
HMM?
THIS PLACE ISN'T SAFE
FOR DUELISTS ANYMORE
SINCE
THE SUPREME KING CAME.
BUT WHY?
BECAUSE,
HE CAPTURES THEM...
EVERY LAST MAN,
WOMAN AND CHILD.
OH YEAH!
WELL IF HE TRIES
TO COME AFTER US,
DON'T WORRY,
HE'LL HAVE TO DUEL
THROUGH ME FIRST!
I'M NOT
GONNA LET ANYTHING
HAPPEN TO YOU!
NERO! SHUSH BOY!
WHY? I WAS JUST
PLAYING AROUND...
[MEN CHUCKLING]
DID WE JUST HEAR SOMEONE
TALK ABOUT DUELING?
THEY... THEY HUNT DUELISTS
FOR THE KING!
CORRECT...
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
WE MIGHT HAVE
FOUND A COUPLE!
[LAUGHS]
TAKE ME...
BUT NOT THE BOY!
Jim: ACTU'LY...
Axel: YOU'RE TAKIN' NO ONE!
[GRUNT]
[GROWL] WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT!
Both: BRING IT!
[MONSTERS CHANTING]
HE IS THE POWER...
MY MASTER...
WE HAVE UPDATES.
THE BATTLE STILL
RAGES ON, SIR.
YES BUT SOON...
ALL THIS LAND
WILL BE YOURS!
IT IS BUT
A MATTER OF TIME.
ONLY ONE SMALL
VILLAGE REMAINS.
AND THEN ALL
WILL BE UNDER
YOUR COMMAND...
All: ALL HAIL... THE MIGHTY...
SUPREME KING!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[BOTH WAILING]
HUH.
GRANDFATHER.
THEY SENT THEM
TO THE STARS.
THANKS FOR SAVING US.
NO WORRIES MATE!
SO WHAT HAPPENS
IF YOU'RE CAPTURED?
IT HAS BEEN WHISPERED...
THAT YOU ARE HERDED UP
WITH THOUSANDS
OF OTHER DUELISTS.
THEN, YOU ARE MARCHED
INTO THE TOWER
WHERE YOU ARE FORCED
TO DUEL THE SUPREME KING.
WHO IS THIS SUPREME KING?
HE IS THE ONE
WHO RULES THIS WORLD.
AND IT IS HE,
WHO IS BEHIND THE EVIL
THAT TRANSPIRES
THROUGHOUT THIS LAND.
AXEL! YOU THINKING
THE SAME THING MATE?
YOU BETTER
BELIEVE IT PAL!
JADEN WENT TO DUEL
THE SUPREME KING...
I BET HE'S
LOOKING TO AVENGE
HIS FRIENDS!
AFTER WATCHING THEM
GET SENT TO THE STARS
BECAUSE OF HIS DUEL AND THEN
LEARNING THE FATE OF JESSE.
YOU LOST, NOW TELL ME
WHAT YOU DID WITH JESSE!
HE'S UP THERE... IN THE STARS
WITH YOUR FOUR FRIENDS.
YOU'LL NEVER SEE HIM AGAIN.
HE WANTS PAYBACK.
AND HE'S GONNA
GO RIGHT TO THE TOP
TO GET IT.
WE'VE GOTTA GO
AND FIND THIS KING!
RIGHT! SO, WHERE CAN
WE FIND THIS TOWER?
Shirley: [ROAR]
HEY GIRL, WHAT'S GOT
YOU ALL A TEATHER?
HMM?
THE COMET'S
STILL BURNING...
BUT I CAN'T TELL WHICH
WAY THE TAIL IS FACING.
AHH, IT'S TURNING...
ARE YOU SEEIN' THAT?
IT'S COMIN'
RIGHT FOR US.
WHAT?
SORRY...
MUSTN'T BE MAKIN'
MUCH SENSE HUH?
YEAH!
AAH!
JIM, YOU ALRIGHT?...
WHAT'S UP?
IT'S MY EYE...
EVER SINCE I HURT IT,
IT SOMETIMES LIKES
TO PLAY TRICKS ON ME...
POACHERS... HOW'D THEY LIKE IT
IF THEIR ANKLE GOT EATIN' OFF?
HEAR ME!
RIGHT THEN, YOU'RE
MESSING WITH THE...
[GROWLING]
HMM.
HELLO THERE, SHIRLEY.
[GASPING]
WATCH OUT!
[SCREAMING]
BUT ENOUGH OF THAT.
WE GOTTA GO FIND JADEN
AND FAST!
AND I GOT JUST THE CARD
TO HELP US...
YA-HOO, ISN'T THIS
RIDE SOMETHIN'!
I'M SCARED...
[MOAN]
YOU FEELIN' ALRIGHT?
YOU'RE LOOKIN' A BIT
CROOK THERE MATE.
[SHIRLEY ROARS]
HA! YOU'RE GREEN AS A CROC!
Nero: [GASP]
UP AHEAD... OUR VILLAGE!
[CHUCKLE] AAH!
TAKE THAT HUMAN...
ANOTHER!
Burgundy: HUH.
YOU THROW LIKE AN OJAMA!
[GRUNT]
PLAYTIME IS OVER!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
AAH! AAH!
TIME YOU PICK ON SOMEONE...
THAT'S MY SIZE!
[GRUNT]
[BOTH GROWLING]
GO TELL YOUR KING...
WE STILL FIGHT!
[ROARING]
[GRUNT]
HEY MATE!
WHAT'S THIS!
YOU WANT SOME TOO?!
HANG ON!
NOW FEEL THE WRATH!
OF MY SWORD!
HE WANTS TO HELP!
PUT DOWN YOUR SWORD!
Nero: AAH!
Jim: UHH!
UHH. NO!
WHAT HAVE I DONE?!
WAKE UP! JIM!
COME ON...
Jim, voice-over: CRIKEY!
I MUST'VE BEEN KNOCKED OUT.
I'M BACK AT DUEL ACADEMY!
HUH?
Jaden: DID YOU BRING
THE FOOD?
Hassleberry:
ENOUGH FOR A T-REX!
I'M ON MEMORY LANE...
THIS IS MY FIRST DAY
AT THE ACADEMY!
HOWDY BLOKES!
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'
WITH MY CROCK?!
UHH!
UH, WE WAS JUST,
UH, YA'KNOW!...
LIKE GONNA FEED HER.
WE THOUGHT
SHE MIGHT WANT...
TO HAVE A SNACK.
IS THAT RIGHT?
WELL SHIRLEY DOESN'T TAKE TOO
KINDLY TO STRANGERS YA HEAR?!
Hassleberry: HMPH.
COME HERE GIRL!
[SYRUS WHIMPERS]
BUT SHE... SHE SEEMS
SO NICE WITH YOU.
THAT'S RIGHT!
WHY... ITS CAUSE
I'M HER BEST MATE!
I SPENT YEARS
WORKING TO EARN
HER TRUST!
I'M SORRY JIM!
I JUST THOUGHT...
THAT MAYBE SHIRLEY...
WOULD TRUST ME
AS A FRIEND AS WELL!
HMM?
YOU KNOW,
CAUSE YOU AND I
ARE "MATES."
I GUESS THE ONLY
WAY TO FIND OUT...
IS TO LET SHIRLEY
DECIDE. OK?
COME HERE GIRL.
HMM? WHOA!
MMMM!
[GROWL]
THIS SURE SMELLS DELICIOUS.
MM!
EAT UP!
[GROWLING]
NOT HIS HAND!
NO!
LOOK GUYS!
FIVE FINGERS.
GUESS YOUR FRIENDS.
UNTIL HE RUNS OUT
OF FOOD THAT IS!
[GROWLING]
GOOD GIRL, WANT S'MORE?
HOW 'BOUT THESE!
WITH CREAM FILLING!
WHOA! THAT'S QUITE A SET
OF MOLARS YOU GOT THERE.
Jim, voice-over:
I REMEMBER NOW...
I COULDN'T BELIEVE HOW FAST
SHIRLEY TOOK TO JADEN
IT'S ALMOST LIKE THEY HAD
A SPECIAL CONNECTION.
BUT EVERYONE FEELS
THAT WAY ABOUT JADEN.
HE'S EVERYONE'S FRIEND.
I THINK THAT SHIRLEY'S
LIKE ME.
[GRUMBLING]
SHE LIKES
TO EAT.
[GROAN]
JADEN.
Woman:
YOU'RE AWAKE.
HMM... WHO?
MY NAME IS CLARET.
[CHUCKLE]
YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT
"YOUR FRIEND,"
NEVER LEFT YOUR SIDE
THIS ENTIRE TIME.
HMPH. SHE'S PROTECTIVE.
[GROWLS]
SO YOU'RE ALIVE!
I HOPE THAT YOU FEEL
NO ILL WILL TOWARD ME.
I AM SORRY.
NO HARM, NO FOUL RIGHT?
I'M AFRAID THE FRIEND
YOU SEEK...
HAS NOT BEEN SEEN.
HE'S RIGHT, JIM.
NO ONE HERE IN
THE VILLAGE KNOWS
OF HIS WHEREABOUTS.
WHICH MEANS...
UH-OH.
"UH-OH" IS RIGHT.
JADEN IS NOW A PRISONER...
OF THE KING!
THIS DOES NOT BODE WELL
FOR YOUR COMRADE.
IT'S BEST
IF YOU STAY HERE!
YOUR FRIEND,
CANNOT BE HELPED.
HMM?
NO ONE HAS EVER
BEEN RESCUED
FROM THE SUPREME
KING'S TOWER.
STAY WITH US,
AND HELP COMBAT
THE FIENDS
WHEN THEY RETURN!
WE NEED HEROES.
AND I AM
BUT ONE MAN.
WILL YOU STAY
AND FIGHT?
[LAUGHS] BURGUNDY!
YOU SHOULD JUST RELAX!
"RELAX?"
[LAUGHS]
WE CAN'T STAY.
WE HAVE'TA LEAVE.
BUT YOUR FRIEND...
IS LOST.
HE'D DO EVERYTHING
TO SAVE US,
AND NOW WE HAVE
TO DO THE SAME!
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
YOUR FRIEND
CANNOT BE FREED!
IF YOU GO,
YOU WON'T COME BACK.
I GUESS THEN...
THIS'LL BE GOOD-BYE.
HMM.
Nero: GOOD LUCK!
I'LL PROTECT THE VILLAGE!
DON'T YOU WORRY!
JUST WHO
IS THIS... "JADEN?"
WELL HE MUST BE
THEIR HERO.
WHY ELSE WOULD THEY
FIGHT A LOSING BATTLE?
BECAUSE, THAT'S ALL WE HAVE
BETWEEN DESTRUCTION...
AND, THE HOPE
FOR OUR TOMORROWS.
YOU'N'ME...
AGAINST A WORLD
OF MONSTERS?
OH, YEAH. THOSE ARE
JUST THE ODDS I LIKE!
JIM, READY
TO GIVE THIS KING
THE ROYAL TREATMENT?!
YEP! LET'S GO!
TAKE THE ROAD
HEADING NORTH.
IT WILL LEAD YOU TO
THE SUPREME KING.
YOU WILL SEE A TOWER,
BUT BE CAREFUL.
IT'S SURE TO BE HEAVILY GUARDED
BY THE FIENDS OF THE DARK ARMY.
Axel: HOLD UP, JIM.
LOOK!
THAT'S OUR PLACE!
WELL WHAT D'YA SAY WE GO
AND FIND OUR MATE JADEN!
Axel: LET'S DO IT.
HANG ON!
WHAT DO YOU MAKE
A'THIS AXEL?
SEEMS EMPTY.
TOO EMPTY.
SO YOU RECKON
IT'S A TRAP.
IT SURE FEELS
THAT WAY.
WHAT ARE
YOU THINKIN'
WE SHOULD DO?
I'M THINKIN'
WE SHOULD FIND OUT!
HMM, STILL NOT A FIEND
IN SIGHT...
Axel: LOOK AT ALL
THE DUEL DISKS, JIM.
UNBELIEVABLE. I WONDER WHERE
ALL THE OWNERS COULD BE.
[KOZAKY LAUGHS]
HMM?
THE DUELISTS YOU ASK FOR
HAVE ALL BEEN SENT...
FAR AWAY.
BUT I CAN MAKE ARRANGEMENTS
FOR YOU BOTH TO JOIN THEM.
ALL IT TAKES IS FOR YOU
TO CHALLENGE ME TO A DUEL.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
SO YOU MEAN
THEY'VE ALL BEEN
SENT... TO THE STARS?!
[LAUGHS]
BUT NOT BEFORE BEING DRAINED
OF ALL THEIR DUEL ENERGY.
THE SUPREME KING IS ABSORBING
ALL OF THIS POWER...
SO THAT HE CAN
FINALLY SUMMON UP:
THE GREATEST DUEL MONSTER
CARD EVER CREATED!
I'M AFRAID WHOEVER
YOU CAME TO FIND...
IS ONE WITH THE STARS!
WAIT! ARE THERE ARE
NO DUELISTS LEFT?
THAT'S RIGHT!...
THE SUPREME KING
HAS DUELED THEM ALL,
AND THEY'VE ALL
BEEN DEFEATED!
NOTHING QUITE WARMS
THE ROTTING CEREBELLUM
AS WATCHING A DUELIST
DISSOLVE INTO STARDUST...
AS YOU'LL DISCOVER
SOON ENOUGH!
HEE-HA-HAAA!
DOES THAT MEAN...
JADEN LOST HERE?
UHH... UHH.
NO WAY! SORRY!
[GRUNT]
BUT JADEN'S JUST
TOO GOOD TO LOSE!
HE'D DE-THRONE
YOUR KING IN A SEC!
BITE YOUR TONGUE!
THE SUPREME KING'S
INVINCIBLE!
HE WILL NEVER BE BEATEN!
THINK WE SHOULD TRY TO PROVE
THAT THEORY WRONG?
YOU BET!
WHAT SAY WE GO
AND INTRODUCE OURSELVES
TO THIS KING FELLA.
I'M MOST CERTAIN THAT
HE WOULD LOVE TO MAKE
YOUR ACQUAINTANCE.
BUT YOU SEE...
HE'S TENDING TO SOME
UNFINISHED BUSINESS...
I'M AFRAID THE SUPREME KING
HAS LEFT HIS THRONE!
HE'S TAKEN HIS ARMY TO DESTROY
THE LAST HUMAN VILLAGE!
[LAUGH]
THEY'RE DEFENSELESS!
EXACTLY!
THANKS TO YOU TWO!
YOU RAN OFF, LEAVING THEM
RIPE FOR THE PICKIN'!
WE HAVE TO GO!
THEY'RE GOING TO
NEED OUR HELP!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
[LAUGHS]
NOT SO FAST!
I WON'T LET YOU MEDDLE
IN THE KING'S AFFAIRS!
[SNICKER] I'LL TRY
TO MAKE THIS QUICK.
I WANT TO WATCH...
WHEN THE SUPREME KING
DESTROYS THE FINAL VILLAGE!
HE'S MINE!
FORGET IT AXEL...
[GROWL]
THIS ONE'S PERSONAL!
TAKE HIM DOWN!
Kozaky and Jim: GAME ON!
I'LL MAKE THIS AS
"QUICK" AS POSSIBLE.
I PLAY MY...
WEATHERING SOLDIER:
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[GROWL]
AND LEAVE IT AT THAT!
I GUESS IT'S MY TURN...
[GIGGLE]
SO FIRST I'LL PLAY:
CHAOS RIDER GUSTAPH!
[ROAR]
AND THEN, I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
DOUBLE SUMMON.
WHICH LETS ME SUMMON
A SECOND MONSTER
DIRECTLY TO MY FIELD
THIS TURN!
AND I'M CHOOSING...
ANOTHER CHAOS RIDER GUSTAPH!
[SNARL]
JIM'S ONLY GOT ONE MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE...
AND THAT MEANS THAT
ONE OF THOSE CHAOS RIDERS
CAN ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
AND I HAVE MORE
SURPRISES IN STORE!
FOR INSTANCE:
THE RITUAL SPELL CARD...
REVIVAL OF DOKURORIDER!
NOW BY SACRIFICING A LEVEL 6
MONSTER IN MY HAND...
LIKE MY GADGET SOLDIER...
I HAVE THE POWER...
TO SUMMON...
A NEW MONSTER TO THE FIELD:
DOKURORIDER!
COME FORTH!
BUT WAIT, I'M NOT DONE,
BECAUSE NOW I REMOVE
TWO SPELL CARDS
FROM MY GRAVE
TO MAKE MY GUSTAPH
600 POINTS STRONGER!
UH-OH! LOOKS LIKE
HE'S PUTTING TOGETHER
AN ENTIRE BIKER GANG.
AND I'M GOING TO
RIDE WITH THEM...
ALL THE WAY TO VICTORY...
RIDERS... MOW DOWN
THIS HUMAN'S LIFE POINTS!
OHH!
UHH!
[SCREECHING]
UHH.
[LAUGHS]
HAH!
UHH!
UHH.
JIM!
[GROWLS]
[LAUGHS]
LOOKS LIKE... YOU'LL JOIN
YOUR FRIEND JADEN
SOON ENOUGH!
NOT SO FAST!
OK RIDERS...
TIME TO SHIFT INTO NEUTRAL
CAUSE IT'S HIS MOVE NOW.
THAT ALL YOU GOT?
HEH?
THEM MOPEDS...
AREN'T ENOUGH
TO STOP ME.
YOUR RIDING DAYS
ARE OVER.
EH?
GET READY,
CAUSE I'M ABOUT TO SEND
THEM TRIKES OF YOURS
STRAIGHT TO
THE SCRAP HEAP.
BUT WHERE YOU'RE GOING,
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
NEED 'EM ANYMORE ANYHOW.
MY MOVE, I DRAW!
AND NOW I PLAY:
THE SPELL FOSSIL FUSION!
AND WITH IT,
I GET TO FUSE...
MY WEATHERING SOLDIER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
WITH GADGET SOLDIER
FROM YOURS!
IN ORDER TO FORM...
FOSSIL MACHINE SKULL WAGON!
N' NEXT UP, I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD TIME STREAM!
BY PAYING HALF
MY LIFE'POINTS...
I DEVOLVE SKULL WAGON,
INTO SOMETHIN' WITH
A BIT MORE DRIVE TO IT!
LIKE FOSSIL MACHINE
SKULL CONVOY!
N'HERE'S THE KICKAH,
THIS BEAUT OF A UTE
CAN ATTACK 3 TIMES PER TURN!
CONVOY, POP IT INTA FIRST...
AND ATTACK!
[MOANS]
AAAAH!
[GRUNTING]
AAH! AAAAH!
[MOANING]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
I STILL HAVE...
3,000 OF MY
LIFE POINTS REMAINING!
YOU WON'T LAST MUCH LONGER...
AND THEN IT'S
TO THE STARS, WITH YOU!
I DON'T THINK SO...
LET'S GET A MOVE ON...
WAIT! WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
THE DUEL ISN'T OVER YET
YOU FOOL!
GET BACK HERE!
I'VE YET TO SEND YOU
TO THE STARS!
SORRY MATE...
THIS DUEL IS OVER.
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE ON THE LOSING
END OF IT.
SEE,
FOR EVERY MONSTER
MY CONVOY DESTROYED,
YOU LOSE
1,000 LIFE POINTS.
WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?!
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?!
NO!
I CAN'T LOSE
TO A MISERABLE HUMAN...
AAH!
Axel: LOOK JIM!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THAT COULD BE?
IT'S THE KING,
AND HIS ARMY OF FIENDS.
THEY MUST BE RETURNING
FROM THE VILLAGE.
WE MUSTN'T BE SEEN YET.
LET'S DUCK FOR COVER.
[ALL CHANTING]
HE IS THE POWER.
HE IS THE POWER...
AXEL...
THE VILLAGE MUST HAVE
BEEN ATTACKED!
THE KING...
HAS TO PAY!
[ALL CHANTING]
HE IS THE POWER...
UHH. HOW COULD THEY?
THEY WERE JUST
INNOCENT PEOPLE!
I CAN SEE SOMEONE!
HUH?
BURGUNDY!
WE COULDN'T... DEFEAT HIM!
AXEL, WE GOTTA
GO HELP HIM...
BUT THE FIENDS,
THEY'RE EVERYWHERE.
FIGHT... THE... FIGHT...?
I'VE SEEN
ENOUGH OF THIS!
[SIGH]
WE WILL FIGHT!
[GROWLS] IT'S TIME...
FOR REVENGE!
UHH!
JIM! WAIT!
JIM!
Jim: HEY!
[GRUNT]
Jim: SUPREME KING!
I CHALLENGE YOU!
YOU CAN'T, JIM!
VERY WELL...
I ACCEPT!
AAH!
OHH!
Jim: IS THAT... JADEN?
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪